README.md, before:

# Professional README Generator

  ## Description
  a simple tool to help users generate a README as quickly as possible for their projects!

  ## Table of Contents
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Credits](#credits)
  - [License](#license)
  - [Features](#features)
  - [Contribution](#contribution)
  - [Tests](#tests)
  - [Questions](#questions)

  ## Installation
  NodeJS, NPM, and Inquirer @ 8.2.4

  ## Usage
  *insert video tutorial LINK on how to use here*

  ## Credits
  I have rewatched my pre-recorded classes of learning NodeJS and used the activities in the UCSD (Univiersity of California San Diego) NodeJS folder section to help me with this project.

  ## License
  This project is licensed under the Apache 2.0 license. <br>
  ![License: Apache 2.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache_2.0-blue.svg) <br>
  (https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)

  ## Features
  Interactive Command-line Interface
  - A user-friendly command-line interface that guides users through the process of providing information. Use clear prompts and concise instructions.

  ## How to Contribute?
  Feel free to test out my Professional README Generator, and give any feedback on how I can improve it.

  ## Tests
  For users to test out this README Generator.

  ## Questions
  Q: Was this README file created using the Professional README Generator? <br>
  A: Yes, to get the base of the README content down, and than was edited to improve it even more!

  If you have any questions, please contact me at businesswawj@gmail.com.
  You can also visit my GitHub page at https://github.com/lifewawj.

Commit message:

README Description category, more context added

README.md, after:

# Professional README Generator

  ## Description
  a simple tool to help users generate a README as quickly as possible for their projects! Allowing users to devote more time into developing their projects.

  ## Table of Contents
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Credits](#credits)
  - [License](#license)
  - [Features](#features)
  - [Contribution](#contribution)
  - [Tests](#tests)
  - [Questions](#questions)

  ## Installation
  Make sure to have NodeJS, NPM, and Inquirer @ 8.2.4 installed to use the application.

  ## Usage
  *insert video tutorial LINK on how to use here*

  ## Credits
  I have rewatched my pre-recorded classes of learning NodeJS and used the activities in the UCSD (Univiersity of California San Diego) NodeJS folder section to help me with this project.

  ## License
  This project is licensed under the Apache 2.0 license. <br>
  ![License: Apache 2.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache_2.0-blue.svg) <br>
  (https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)

  ## Features
  Interactive Command-line Interface
  - A user-friendly command-line interface that guides users through the process of providing information. Use clear prompts and concise instructions.

  ## How to Contribute?
  Feel free to test out my Professional README Generator, and give any feedback on how I can improve it.

  ## Tests
  For users to test out this README Generator.

  ## Questions
  Q: Was this README file created using the Professional README Generator? <br>
  A: Yes, to get the base of the README content down, and than was edited to improve it even more!

  If you have any questions, please contact me at businesswawj@gmail.com.
  You can also visit my GitHub page at https://github.com/lifewawj.
